Title: Supporters

Subtitle: Endorsed by

Body Text:

American Lung Association
The American Lung Association strongly supports efforts to help ensure all patients facing lung cancer get the highest standard of treatment and care. Helping patients understand treatment guidelines is one important step in empowering them to get the care they want and need. That is why we are pleased to endorse NCCN's efforts to provide accessible treatment guidelines and information to patients through the NCCN Guidelines for Patients. Lung.org

Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation
The Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation is proud to endorse these NCCN Guidelines for Patients. We believe that educated and empowered patients live longer. This book should be in the hands of every patient diagnosed with lung cancer. lungcancerfoundation.org

Caring Ambassadors
The Caring Ambassador Lung Cancer Program is pleased to endorse these NCCN Guidelines for Patients: Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Patients and their loved ones need reliable resources to achieve the best possible outcomes for their disease. lungcancerap.org

Dusty Joy Foundation (LiveLung)
With patients’ best interest at heart, NCCN defines the standard of care for patients and physicians through proven scientific methods and expectations for new discoveries leading to improved patient outcomes. As a lung cancer advocacy nonprofit, our organization wholeheartedly supports the NCCN Guidelines for Patients. LiveLung.org

Free ME from Lung Cancer
As a lung cancer survivor and President and CEO of Free ME from Lung Cancer, I am pleased to endorse this vitally important resource so that lung cancer patients can have the information needed to make informed decisions about their treatment. freeMEfromLungCancer.org

Lung Cancer Action Network (LungCAN)
The NCCN provides the most current standards for patient care in an easy-to-understand and highly accessible format. As a collaborative association of approximately 25 U.S.-based nonprofits dedicated to lung cancer, the Lung Cancer Action

Network (LungCAN) is proud to endorse NCCN Guidelines for Lung Cancer Patients. LungCAN.org

Lung Cancer Alliance
Lung Cancer Alliance is proud to collaborate with the National Comprehensive Cancer Network to endorse these NCCN Guidelines for Patients®: Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. lungcanceralliance.org

Lung Cancer Circle of Hope
Lung Cancer Circle of Hope (LCCH) emphatically endorses the NCCN Guidelines for Patients. Knowledge is power and with this comprehensive resource, patients and their families can proactively work with a qualified physician to make informed decisions in the battle to conquer cancer. lungcancercircleofhope.org

Lung Cancer Initiative of North Carolina
As an organization specializing in connecting patients, survivors and loved ones with the medical research community, the Lung Cancer Initiative of NC fully supports these NCCN Guidelines for Patients. These guidelines set the standard for patient education and access to care. lungcancerinitiative.org

Lung Cancer Research Foundation
As a non-profit organization focused on supporting lung cancer research, the Lung Cancer Research Foundation is proud to endorse the NCCN Guidelines for Patients. These guidelines play an important role in providing lung cancer patients with up to date information and empowering them to make informed decisions about their care. lcrf.org

LUNGevity
LUNGevity Foundation supports the NCCN Guidelines for Patients as an excellent resource, as we strongly believe in providing education for all those affected by the disease. LUNGevity.org

Footer:
NCCN Guidelines for Patients®:
Lung Cancer Screening, 2020

Page number: 3