Title: HAMPSTEAD FESTIVAL

Subtitle: REPORT OF THE TRUSTEES FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2013

Section Title: OBJECTIVES AND ACTIVITIES

Body Text:
We are pleased to be planning a number of scalable festivals and events in 2015. Our aim is to be in a position to engage artists further into the future, planning two or three years in advance. This would facilitate the delivery of a more compact festival, perhaps over two weeks, which would enable more traditional festival feel. It would also enable more theme-driven programming, especially in years when they could make strong artistic sense (e.g. to celebrate a Hampstead or composer-related anniversary).

Our current resources are limited. The Festival’s success means we urgently need administrative backup and to engage financially to PR on a long term basis. We currently pay very low rates to artists, meaning that we accept later than normal bookings and sometimes inappropriate timing. Such facilitation would greatly improve the recognition of the Festival amongst the local community in our artistic calendar.

Subsection Title: FYRE REVIEW

Body Text:
We hope to eventually develop an outreach programme to engage more closely with the local community, including the school and children. This would include, for example, inviting large groups of students to attend the events, and create a recital programme to bring audiences who cannot access these events. Thus, we could increase more audience diversity over time within the local community.

Subsection Title: FINANCIAL REVIEW

Body Text:
An adequate level of reserves is considered to be the Trustees’ responsibility to meet the required activities and plans for the coming year. For our forthcoming year, we can only provide positive security and planning for one season, multi-year planning is not feasible. Hence, seasonal planning is important.

In 2014, we delivered 14 events, an increase of 5 versus 2013. Commercial sponsorship and a strong PR effort should help us to achieve our objectives in the future but in the short term, we will continue to run on bare bones.

To build a high profile, forward looking festival which would gain wider recognition with both artists and audiences of North London and art lovers from afield, we would greatly benefit from 3 to 5 years of assured funding. Indeed, multi-year funding would give us the stability to act with a longer term perspective and ensure we can deliver both the artistic and educational goals of the Festival at the highest artistic level.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Approved by order of the board of trustees on 18th December 2015 and signed on its behalf by:

- Ms Udda-Roy – Trustee

Footer: Page 3