Title: None
Subtitle: None
Body Text:
Outdoor lighting that casts a glare can be blinding, as can light that’s too bright. Light along paths should be cast downward, with fixtures, such as Dark Sky-compliant versions, that are hooded. A variety of lighting options will create layers, allowing you to add or subtract as necessary. If appropriate, exterior-safe dimmers can also provide flexible control over the level of light, as can moveable fixtures that can be added to a patio or porch as needed.

5. Add decorative elements with outdoor lighting.
Just as arbors, pergolas, patios and other outdoor elements help to enhance the style of an outdoor space, so too can lighting contribute to a well-designed landscape. “Well-done outdoor lighting should not only highlight the functional features of safety and security, but also focus attention to the architectural and natural details of the space,” says Kitts. For example, step lights are essential for safe passage, but can also highlight molding or trim details. For a pergola over a deck, an outdoor-compliant chandelier can be a wonderful accent to dinnertime and a way to spotlight the overhead structure and flowering vines. Patio lights provide ambience as well as illumination for cooking outside.

6. Enhance Inside views with outdoor lighting.
It’s often an afterthought, but enhancing the views from inside the house is a natural fit for outdoor lighting. “You are able to enjoy your home’s landscaping and outdoor areas from the inside, creating a cohesive space from both inside and out, regardless of the season,” says Mager. To do that, layer in a variety of lights—spotlights on trees, lights dotted along pathways, accent lights on unique landscape features.

7. Conserve energy with outdoor lighting.
If you get enough light, there are solar options for outdoor lighting, as well as LED, Energy Star and Dark Sky fixtures. Many options are available today to help you enjoy the benefits of good area lighting in cost-effective ways.

Stay safe: consider incorporating outdoor lighting into your Maryland landscape to keep your home, family, and friends, well protected.

For more information about outdoor lighting in Maryland, call Aqua-Bright today at 410-489-9009 or take a tour through our brand new website! Make a splash and follow Aqua-Bright Irrigation & Illumination on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and LinkedIn! For examples of our work, check us out on Pinterest, too!

Source:
American Lighting Assoc.: Extend Summer Fun with Expert Outdoor Lighting