Title:
ROBERT MONK'S FOXCHION
REGISTERED CHARITY NO. 234281

Header:
ANNUAL REPORT
ACCOUNTY YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2014

Section Title:
CONSTITUTION OF THE CHARITY

Body Text:
Robert Monk's Fox Charity is registered with the Charity Commission for England and Wales as an unincorporated Charity with the governing document of a scheme dated 16 December 1927 plus subsequent variations.

The Charity owns the land and buildings known as the Robert Monk Hall and Recreation Ground in Foxton, Leicestershire.

Subsection Title:
STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT

Body Text:
The Charity is administered by the Trustees listed on Page 1 all of whom served throughout the year 2 trustees are appointed by each of the Foxton Parish Council, Leicestershire County Council, and Harborough District Council. The remaining trustees are ex-officio, namely the local District Councillor, Vic of the 2 and 26churchwardens. At present there is one trustee vacancy which is a churchwarden.

The Charity pays the remuneration of the secretary, premises manager and cleaner.

The Trustees held seven meetings during 2014.

Subsection Title:
OBJECTS OF THE CHARITY

Body Text:
The objects of the Charity are to maintain the village hall and adjacent recreation ground in the parish of Foxton for operational use and to provide loans and grants as permitted.

The hall is available for hire by both local and non-local groups and individuals. As a result of the online booking facility, the number of bookings and value of bookings increased during the 2014/2015 season. The addition of the weekend package on the website has also helped to attract more wedding bookings. There has also been an increase in the number of regular account hireers.

No requests were received for loans by the Charity during 2014. Grants of £250 were awarded.

Subsection Title:
RESERVES

Body Text:
The unrestricted funds are kept at a relatively high level due to the village hall.

Grant-making and loans
Applications for grants and loans are considered by the trustees. They are only available to Foxton residents.

Investment selections
99% was invested in COIF Charitable Fund and the balance was held in COIF Charities Deposit Fund.

The Trustees regularly review the major risks to which the charity is exposed and are satisfied that systems are in place to mitigate exposure.

Approved by the Board of Trustees of Robert Monk's Fox Charity and signed on its behalf by

Signature:
[Handwritten Signature]

Date:
25 March 2015