Title: HAMPSTEAD FESTIVAL
Subtitle: REPORT OF THE TRUSTEES FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2015

Body Text:
Our future goals and activities

Our future goals
We are pleased to be planning a sizeable number of concerts and events in 2015. Our aim is to be in a position to engage further artists into the festival, planning two or three years in advance. This would facilitate the delivery of a more vibrant festival, perhaps over two years, which would generate more of a traditional festival feel. It would also enable more theme-driven events, especially in years when we could make strong artistic sense (e.g. to celebrate a Hampstead or composer-related anniversary).

Our current resources.
The Festival's success means we urgently need administrative backup and to engage the financial strength to PR on a long term basis. We currently pay very low rates to artists, meaning that we often accept bookings on less than normal terms. Such timing would greatly facilitate greater participation in the festival and would establish our place in the world.

Finally, we hope to develop an outreach programme for artists to engage more closely with the local community, including the school and children. This would, for example, allow us to invite large groups of students to attend events, and create a recital programme bringing music to those who cannot access our concerts. Thus, we could foster a more diverse audience over time within the local community.

Fiscal Policy Review
An adequate level of reserves is considered to be the amount required to meet its planned activities and events for the forthcoming year. Our working capital although positive only provides security and planning for one season, not multiple seasons. Hence, timing is crucial.

In 2014 we delivered 14 events, an increase of 5 versus 2013. With the aim to increase the special events in 2015, and a strong PR effort, we should push a sponsorship and a strong PR effort into the future.

In 2014 we delivered 14 events, an increase of 5 versus 2013. With the aim to increase the special events in 2015, and a strong PR effort, we should push a sponsorship and a strong PR effort into the future.

To build a high class, forward-looking festival which would regain wide recognition with both artists and audiences of North London residents and art lovers from further afield, we would greatly benefit from 3 to 5 years of funding. Indeed, multi-year funding would give us the ability to act with a longer term perspective and ensure our ability to deliver both the artistic and educational goals of the Festival at the highest artistic level.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions of Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Approved by order of the board of trustees on 18th December 2015 and signed on its behalf by:

Ms U Dutta-Roy – Trustee

Footer: Page 3