Title: HAMPSTEAD FESTIVAL

Subtitle: REPORT OF THE TRUSTEES FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 2015

Heading: OBJECTIVES AND ACTIVITIES

Subheading: Our future goals

Body Text:
We are pleased to be planning a number of manageable sizes and events in 2015. Our aim is to be in a position to engage artists further into the future, planning two or three events in advance. This would facilitate the delivery of a more compact festival, perhaps over two weeks, which would generate more of a traditional festival feel. It would also enable more theme-driven programming, especially in years when he would make strong artistic sense (e.g. to celebrate a Hampstead or composer-related anniversary).

Our current resources are limited. The Festival's continued success means we urgently need administrative backup and to engage the financial strength to PRINCE 2 on a long term basis. We currently pay very low rates to artists, meaning that we often accept bookings in spite of normal opening times. Such timing would facilitate greater improvement in the Festival's NW location and would recognise our place in the artistic community.

Finally, we hope to develop an outreach programme for our artists to engage more closely with the local community, including schoolchildren and the elderly. This would, for example, allow us to invite large groups of students to attend the events, and create a recital programme bringing music to those who cannot access our local venue. Thus, we could increase more audience diversity and foster a later audience over time and foster enthusiasm.

Heading: RESERVES POLICY

Body Text:
An adequate level of reserves is considered by the Trustees to be the amount required to meet its planned activities and events for the forthcoming year. Our working capital although positive only provides security and planning for one season, not multiple seasons. Hence, timing is crucial to the Festival's success.

In 2014 we delivered 14 events, an increase of 15% with the aim to increase further in 2015. Commercial sponsorship and a strong PR effort should help us to achieve our objectives into the short term but in the long run will continue to bear on other runs.

To build a high class, forward looking festival which would regain wide recognition with both artists and audiences of North London residents and art lovers from afield, we would greatly benefit from 3 to 5 years of assured funding. Indeed, multi-year funding would give us the stability to act with a longer term perspective and ensure our ability to deliver both the artistic and educational goals of the Festival at the highest artistic level.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions of Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Approved by order of the board of trustees on 18th December 2015 and signed on its behalf by:

Signature Block:
Ms U Dutta-Roy - Trustee

Footer: Page 3