Title: MATERIALS AND METHODS

Body Text:
Thirty-one participants (age range: 19–31 years old) were recruited by completing an on-line version of the Facebook Intensity Scale [4]. The Facebook Intensity Scale is a survey which asks about how much time a user spends on Facebook, how many friends a user has, and how much a user identifies with the website. Participants were selected to have a broad range of Facebook intensity scores.

The experiment took place over two different days. On Day 1, the Facebook users were given a brief on-camera interview consisting of questions like, "What do you like to do in your free time?" Participants then left the lab to wait for Day 2. Importantly, before the interview, they were told that between Day 1 and Day 2, the recorded video interview would be individually observed by 10 anonymous reviewers. These reviewers, after seeing the video, would select 10–15 words from a list of 200 adjectives that they thought accurately described the participant. When the participants returned for Day 2 of the experiment, they were placed in an fMRI scanner while they performed two different tasks (see Figure 1). In one task, the "description task," participants discovered what they believed the reviewers thought of them, or what the reviewers thought of another person who also took part in the experiment. In reality, the participants received a pre-determined range of positive words for both themselves and the other participant. In the other task, the "card task," participants chose one of three cards and then found out if they won money.

Figure Caption:
A) Card Task
B) Description Task

Figure Elements:
- Two subfigures labeled as A and B, each depicting a different task.
- Subfigure A for the "Card Task" shows a card trial with the letters A, B, and C, and a depiction of a 75 B card choice.
- Subfigure B for the "Description Task" shows a timeline with 3-7.5 s, 1 s, 3 s, and 3 s Outcome Period, and images of two individuals with arrows pointing from the text "Me" to one individual and "Other" to the second individual, along with the word "Honest" below the second individual.