Title: Financial Structure

Body Text:
During 2017/18 Coastline Housing put in place further revolving credit facilities to complement the refinancing undertaken in 2016/17 and undertook to cancel an element of embedded hedging with a view to further increase shorter term facilities during 2018/19. The current finance platform is sufficient to enable Coastline to deliver the Corporate Plan.

Long term borrowings increased by £12.0 million during the year (2017: £4.0 million) to cover projected capital expenditure and manage treasury risk during the year and now stand at £118.2 million (2017: £106.3 million) against facilities at year end of £181.6 million (2017: £131.6 million).

Treasury activities are controlled and monitored by the Property and Investment Committee, under delegated authority from the Board, and are executed by the Director of Finance with the assistance of external consultants as required. This ensured that adequate cost-effective funding is available for the requirements of the business and that financial risk is minimised. The process is periodically subject to review by internal auditors. Cash flows are monitored and forecast regularly to minimise cash held and further funds are drawn down as required to cover the investment plans of the Group.

Coastline Housing's financial instruments comprise borrowings, some cash and liquid resources and various items such as trade debtors and trade creditors that arise directly from its operations. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to finance Coastline Housing's operations.

The main risks arising from Coastline Housing's financial instruments are interest rate risk and liquidity risk. The Property & Investment Committee reviews and agrees the management of these risks as summarised below;

Subtitles with associated body text:
Interest rate risk: Coastline finances its operations through a mixture of generated surpluses, and short, medium and long term borrowings. This position is reported to the Property & Investment Committee on a quarterly basis. At the year-end 78% (2017: 91%) of the Group's borrowings were at fixed rates of interest. The average duration of the Group's interest rate fixes was 14 years (2017: 17 years).

Liquidity risk: Liquidity risk is managed by setting and monitoring required levels of cash and available facilities as well as monitoring the availability of loan security. A three-year, monthly cashflow and a three-month, weekly cashflow are monitored on a monthly basis by the Board and more detailed information on liquidity and loan security is reported to the Property & Investment Committee on a quarterly basis. Total facilities available increased to £181.6 million (2017: £131.6 million) during the year, with undrawn facilities reducing by the drawdown on the Homes England Rent to Buy funding to £63.5 million (2017: £25.5 million). The average maturity of net debt remained at over five years.

Cash available has decreased during the year to £7.7 million (2017: £16.0 million) reflecting the move to holding liquid funds as undrawn, charged, available loan facilities rather than cash.

Re-financing risk: Re-financing risk is managed by setting targets of how much debt can be repayable within certain timeframes. This position is reported to the Property & Investment Committee on a quarterly basis. At the year-end 2.1% (2017: 2.5%) of the Group's debt fell due within the next three years.

Page number at the bottom: 23